MEETING MINUTES | TEAM MEETING #11
12h45 – 08/01/2025 | M-5502 (Polytechnique - Lassonde Pavilion)


Meeting Objectives
* Update the schedule for the winter and the remaining tasks to complete.
* Identify parts to purchase (and get them validated by André and Julien).
* Split tasks for the winter (especially for GitHub) – Develop good practices.


Items to Address
* Happy New Year!!!

* Important points for the client presentation
   * Be more diligent with GitHub
      * In English
      * In text format (no Word, no PDF, no PowerPoint)
      * Open issues for every question and follow up (comments, close if resolved)
   * More accurate thermometers
   * Buy the box instead of building it
   * Remove the Nano from the solution and use the add-on instead

* Review of each person’s work since the last presentation
   * William
      * Added some issues to GitHub based on the meeting notes
      * Find parts (enclosure + thermometers)
   * Héloïse
      * Translate PowerPoint, convert to text format, and upload it to GitHub
      * Start translating the GitHub repository
      * Convert the spec and design documents to text format
   * Louis-Antoine
   * Charlotte
   * Emmy

* Upcoming Deliverables
   * February 16: Test procedure document
   * April 9: Test results document
   * April 17: Deadline for delivering the final product to the client

* Remaining work on the project
   * Sending alerts on Slack
      * Possibly doable directly from Grafana
   * Shield
      * André bought the one for the flow meter. Only the I2C one remains.
   * Flow rate measurement
      * Likely possible with the next extension
   * Printed circuit board???

* What is our list of materials to send to the clients?
   * Shield ($300)
   * Opta extension module (possibly, $300)

* Design document reviews from Prof. Frederic Lesage
   * Details of calls and call order in a diagram → information flow diagram (server → post/push…)
   * Add Slack alarms
   * Link with the spec document: how it meets the specs, accuracy of the measurements?
   * Fill in the traceability matrix
   * Explain how PWM works


Work to do for the rest of today's session
* Find the parts and list them in the GitHub according issue

